well thank you for joining us on a day
of great relief for many millions of
Americans because the grab cassadee
health care bill a bill I've been
speaking out against all week we got
news today it shall not pass Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell decided
to pull the plug this afternoon because
they didn't have the votes and so
officially now Graham Cassidy is that I
haven't been this happy about something
being dead since bin Laden I'll tell you
and on behalf of my family especially my
son Billy I want to sincerely thank
those of you who called your
representatives made your voices heard
and got involved to help I'd bet the
walls of the Oval Office are filled with
dozens of tiny little fist holes today
Republican senators Susan Collins and
John McCain
stood up against Graham Cassidy they
broke with their parties and of course
the President had the good sense last
night to lash out at John McCain on
Twitter he posted a video he wrote a few
of the many clips of John McCain talking
about repealing and replacing old care
my oh my has he changed complete turn
from years of talk my oh my he's so mad
he's turned into Scarlett O'Hara
and by the way McCain didn't even
flip-flop on this he's still in favor of
repealing and replacing just not
repealing and replacing with a flaming
bag of dog crap so and the idea that
Donald Trump would criticize anyone for
changing his position is very rich it's
definitely richer than he is
Donald Trump has more flip flops than a
Jimmy Buffett concert that is no one
contradicts himself more no one ever in
history
I'll say this since he is was so keen on
shining that light on John McCain we put
together a collection today of some of
the biggest about faces from Donald
Trump himself bill clerk was a great
president Hillary Clinton is a great
woman and a good woman in many cases I
probably identify more as a Democrat I'm
very pro-choice because I'm gonna be
working for you I'm not gonna have time
to go play golf universal health care I
am going to take care of everybody I
don't care if it costs me votes or not
it just seems that the economy does
better under the Democrats and the
Republicans I hate the concept of
divorce I hate everything it represents
I would never lie you could definitely
say I would not I look that I would
absolutely not lie if I decide to run
for office I'll produce my tax returns
absolutely remembering shorter than his
fingers but
so apparently Trump at dinner last night
with a bunch of conservative leaders at
which he reportedly called McCain John
McCain a disgrace which that in itself
is disgraceful John McCain is at home
fighting brain cancer right now what's
your brains excuse and and also the same
week Trump is telling the NFL to be more
patriotic he's insulting a man with a
purple heart John McCain Senator John
McCain when he was a young man he went
to Vietnam he was beaten viciously he's
a prisoner of war for five and a half
years they offered to release him he
said no he refused to leave his fellow
soldiers behind so he stayed there
voluntarily Donald Trump got out of even
going to Vietnam because he had a bone
spur in his foot he got a deferment from
dr. Scholl's
okay and if that doesn't paint a picture
for you maybe this will this is a young
John McCain after he was finally
released by the North Vietnamese 1973
John McCain seen here exiting a bus and
Hanoi Vietnam okay now here's Donald
Trump getting off a bus 2005 Donald
Trump seen here exiting a bus in Burbank
California hello how are you
you know Billy Bush okay well you know
what
each man displays his heroism in his own
personal way so good for John McCain for
doing the right thing again and I'm
Susan Collins and while I'm relieved
that we dodged this particular bullet
Healthcare wise I want to make one more
point you know we need a system that
provides quality affordable health care
to every American Obamacare is a start
but it's obviously far from perfect and
let's not forget the part of the reason
it's far from perfect is for the last
seven years the GOP leadership refused
to work with Democrats to fix it they
voted six times to kill it not even
counting the votes this year they tried
more than 50 or 50 more times to
it or to remove important provisions
from it and they kept saying repeal and
replace the only promises they didn't
have a replacement that offered anything
like the kind of courage and protections
we get now some Republicans are already
saying they're gonna take another shot
at repeal and replace next year even
though only twenty four percent of
Americans approved of Bram Cassidy and
only twelve percent approved then their
last one that's not look I'm not a
congressman I don't want to tell you how
to do your jobs but here's how to do
your jobs okay
instead of writing a bill by candlelight
on a bazooka wrapper in the back of a
Senate broom closet and then lying about
what it'll do try this hold a bunch of
hearings at those hearings invite
experts to speak doctors patients
hospital administrators health care
analyst insurance people invite them all
find out what's working and what needs
to be fixed and then follow me then
write a bill based on all the stuff you
found out from them I know it sounds
crazy but sometimes you have to think
inside the box okay
is to tell our representatives in
Congress to get together with their
colleagues senator Lamar Alexander of
Tennessee was already doing this with
Democratic senator patty Murray of
Washington to work together to make a
flawed system into a great system and
President Trump you made a deal with
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi on the
budget you got great press for it do
that again
work with them you can call it Trump is
awesome care whatever we don't we'll put
your face on the masks in the operating
room so people can see you and thank you
just before they go under this isn't
about sides it's about people who are
sick and - all the Senators and
Representatives who stop this bill thank
you for being reasonable and know that
we're paying attention now you'll be
hearing from us again and if everyone
has been so passionate about health care
could now be just as loud and engaged
about helping people in Puerto Rico
please consider donating to the American
Red Cross which is right there donate or
text the word Maria to nine zero nine
nine nine to make a ten dollar donation
they need your help very badly hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you like that - click
the subscribe button below and good
things will happen forever